Dear Geralt,

I sincerely hope this letter finds you and your beloved in good health.
As you may be aware, I find myself rather far away from Toussaint, (too far, but surely there is no need to remind you of our shared circumstances leading me to this point in time), however my thoughts remain timelessly embedded within in its beautiful countryside.
I write you now in dire hope that it is not yet too late regarding the fate of a certain red-haired mutual acquaintance.  If this is in fact true, (and I dearly hope it is), I must ask a favor of you my friend.
While I was unable to obtain the proper opportunity to tell you about her as much as I would have liked, (and surely your experience at the orphanage has thwarted any hint of desire to learn the details of my familiarity with her) I reluctantly divulge that she does fact hold a memorable place for me, and as such, if there is any hint of possibility that she can be lead away from the terribly monstrous path she has chosen, I beg you to find some way to assist her in doing so.  I must remind you of my own unfortunate past, though I am rather ashamed to speak of such times. 
It is my most sincere opinion that the act of drinking blood for sustenance is a mere myth. It is an act that stems from the most basic instincts that drive many a vampire to such behavior. However I am most certain Orianna possesses sufficient strength of character to remove herself from the confines of such primitive instincts (you can tell her I said so). 
And if you have exhausted all possibilities... Geralt, I implore you, please do take care. She possesses an immense amount of experience, and has already bested one Witcher. I truly prefer you remain my living, breathing close friend for years to come.
I must mention again, if there is any possibility for a peaceful conclusion, please do take it. I have full faith that when the time comes, (and in light of my humble request) you shall certainly make the best decision. 

Sincerely, your faithful friend, R.
